At WEX, we simplify the business of running a business. Our WEX Benefits solutions reduce complexity and help manage costs of benefits administration for our clients and partners. We are looking for passionate technologists, collaborators, and problem solvers to join our Benefits Technology team as we build the next generation of employer benefits solutions and services.

As a Software Engineer on the WEX Benefits Technology team, you will work in a team that partners closely with Product Managers and customers to learn about the challenges employers face while navigating the competitive employee benefits landscape. You will design solutions that solve problems in ways our customers love and work for our business. You will build the highest quality software in the latest technologies and test driven development practices.

How you'll make an impact

Collaborate with stakeholders to learn about our customers biggest challenges.
Measure, inspect, and drive decisions using data.
Design, test, code, and instrument new solutions.
Develop and maintain CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Azure DevOps or GitHub Actions.
Implement Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using tools like Terraform.
Strengthen and drive our engineering process with TDD and BDD, Microservice and Vertical Slice Architectures.
Support live applications, promote proactive monitoring, rapid incident response, and continuous improvement.
Analyze existing systems and processes to identify bottlenecks and opportunities for improvements.
Mentor and learn from your peers, foster continuous learning within your team and organization.
Learn our team’s process and best practices, and apply them to given tasks with help from peers and your manager.
Partner with and assist your peers on completing tasks.
Focus on continuous learning of new technologies.

Experience you'll bring 

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field;
Experience in software engineering.
Strong problem-solving skills, excellent communication and collaboration skills.
Passionate about keeping up with modern technologies and design.
Experience/Knowledge of C#, Python; Modern RDBMS (i.e. MS SQL, Postgres); ASP.NET RESTful API design; Modern Web UI Frameworks (i.e. Angular, React, Blazor); Docker; Kafka / event-driven design; Terraform; Kubernetes; Helm/ArgoCD; GitHub Actions; NoSQL databases; GraphQL.